Improves documentation about Windows support (#305)
src-d/engine: README.md

**Windows:**

> *Please note that from now on we assume that the commands are executed in `powershell` and not in `cmd`. Running them in `cmd` is not guaranteed to work. A proper support may be added in future releases.*

Reviewer: I'd also add here the windows disclaimer
```suggestion
*The support for Windows is currently experimental.*

*Please note that from now on we assume that the commands are executed in `powershell` and not in `cmd`. Running them in `cmd` is not guaranteed to work. Proper support may be added in future releases.*
```
